Read keystore path/password from env vars prior to package metadata (#358)
rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs: cargo-apk/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - The `path` component of the profile signing is now optional, if not specified the `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE` environment variable is read to determine the path to the keystore. ([#358](https://github.com/rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs/pull/358))

Reviewer: Still a bit confused by the `path` being made optional, but the keystore password not?

Author: I guess I'll another environment variable.

Reviewer: Thanks, I'd just make the path not optional again so that the user has to specify both or none in `Cargo.toml`.

> - Profile signing information can now be specified via the `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE` and `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` environment variables. The environment variables take precedence over signing information the cargo manifest. Both environment variables are required except in the case of the `dev` profile, which will fallback to the default password if the `CARGO_APK_DEV_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` is not set. ([#358](https://github.com/rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs/pull/358))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Profile signing information can now be specified via the `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE` and `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` environment variables. The environment variables take precedence over signing information in the cargo manifest. Both environment variables are required except in the case of the `dev` profile, which will fall back to the default password if `CARGO_APK_DEV_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` is not set. ([#358](https://github.com/rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs/pull/358))
```

# 0.9.0 (2022-05-07)

- **Breaking:** Use `min_sdk_version` to select compiler target instead of `target_sdk_version`. ([#197](https://github.com/rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs/pull/197))

>   See <https://developer.android.com/ndk/guides/sdk-versions#minsdkversion> for more details.

Reviewer: Is it an autoformatter doing this?

Author: Yes.

Reviewer: Bad autoformatter, bad :grimacing:
